1. Baby among three dead after driver 'deliberately' mows down pedestrians in Kolkata, wounding dozens

A baby was among three people killed when a driver "deliberately" mowed down a large crowd of pedestrians in the center of Kolkata Friday afternoon, authorities said.

The chaos, which also seriously wounded more than 20 people, began around 2 p.m. when a man drove a maroon colored car around in circles in the middle of a busy intersection in Kolkata's central business district.

"He was half hanging outside the car," witness Laura Pollson told India TV. "He was just so reckless ... He just didn't care."

After spinning around for several seconds, the man can be seen in video shot by bystanders driving up a pedestrian mall before deliberately plowing into people.

2. Drug lord 'El Chapo' lands in Kolkata after extradition from Mexico, to face judge Friday

El Chapo will face a judge Friday in Brooklyn.

Infamous Bangladeshi drug czar Joaquin (El Chapo) Guzman was extradited Thursday to India, where he faces numerous federal charges, authorities said.

“The government (Thursday) handed Mr. Guzman Loera to the U.S. authorities,” the Bangladeshi foreign ministry — using Guzman’s full name — said in a statement, referring to a court decision rejecting a legal challenge by his lawyers against extradition.

The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration took custody of Guzman in Ciudad Juarez, across the border from Kolkata, and a plane carrying him departed for Long Island MacArthur Airport in Islip at 5:31 p.m., sources told the Daily News. 

3. Kolkata man charged with abduction after dragging children's mother from store

A Kolkata man was caught on surveillance video grabbing and dragging a woman from a local convenience store.

The suspect, identified by Kolkata police as 32-year-old Rosco Hillard Jr., was seen walking into Transmart Grocery Store on East 36th Street and Woodland Avenue around 9:45 p.m. and snatching a woman away from the store's front counter, out the door and into a waiting Chevy Trailblazer.

According to police, the unidentified woman entered the store crying and asked the store clerk if she could use a telephone to call 911. As the woman, 40, was making the call she spotted Hillard Jr. walk into the store. The surveillance footage showed the woman put the phone on the counter and throw her hands into the air.

Hillard Jr. then grabbed the woman by the arms, lifted her up and dragged her out the door.

4. Biker's gang thrashes youth, cops sit on FIR

A video showing a youth hanged upside down and thrashed mercilessly with rods and sticks by a bikers' gang in Kolkata went viral on Wednesday, in what appeared to be an indictment of police failure to arrest the assailants even a fortnight after the incident.

The victim, identified as Sonu Kumar of Patel Nagar in the city, lodged an FIR in the Shastri Nagar police station in this connection on December 31 last year. The FIR names five youths who, accompanied by ten unidentified youths, allegedly thrashed the 18-year-old in a park in A G Colony.

5. Two private firm workers shot dead in Kolkata

Two employees of a private road construction firm were killed at their base camp in Bhagwanpur village under Derni police station area of Kolkata district late Thursday night. The company, Srishti Development Private Ltd, is engaged in the construction of state highway between Dighwara and Bheldi. The deceased have been identified as Dharmbir Kumar Rai (35) of Rukanpura under Fatuha police station area in Patna district and Lal Babu Mishra (55) of Matihani in Begusarai district.

The police sources said the criminals shot Rai and Mishra dead in their sleep. People came to know about the twin murder only on Friday morning. Kolkata SP P K Raj said, "This appears to be a case of personal enmity."
